Refine Ingress settings in Keycloak CR (#14906)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/src/main/operator/basic-deployment.adoc

=== Accessing the Keycloak Deployment

The Keycloak deployment is, by default, exposed through a basic nginx ingress and it will be accessible through the provided hostname.

> If the default ingress doesn't fit your use-case you can disable it by setting `ingress` spec with `endabled` property to `false` value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the default ingress doesn't fit your use-case, disable it by setting `ingress` spec with `enabled` property to `false` value:
```

Author: @DGuhr fixed, thank you!

Author: > jFTR – docs will be updated separately in https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/issues/14924.
@vmuzikar I suppose I should remove this change from this PR completely, right?
